 Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.2 Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.2 W3C Recommendation 12 D
ecember 2024 More details about this document This version: https://www.w3.org/TR/2024/REC-WCAG22-20241212/ Latest publi
shed version: https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG22/ Latest editor's draft: https://w3c.github.io/wcag/guidelines/22/ History: ht
tps://www.w3.org/standards/history/WCAG22/ Commit history Implementation report: https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/implement
ation-report/ Previous Recommendation: https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/ Editors: Alastair Campbell ( Nomensa ) Chuck Adams 
( Oracle ) Rachael Bradley Montgomery ( Library of Congress ) Michael Cooper ( W3C ) Andrew Kirkpatrick ( Adobe ) Feedba
ck: GitHub w3c/wcag ( pull requests , new issue , open issues ) Errata: Errata exists . See also translations . Copyrigh
t © 2020-2024 World Wide Web Consortium . W3C ® liability , trademark and document use rules apply. Abstract Web Content
 Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.2 covers a wide range of recommendations for making web content more accessible. Foll
owing these guidelines will make content more accessible to a wider range of people with disabilities, including accommo
dations for blindness and low vision, deafness and hearing loss, limited movement, speech disabilities, photosensitivity
, and combinations of these, and some accommodation for learning disabilities and cognitive limitations; but will not ad
dress every user need for people with these disabilities. These guidelines address accessibility of web content on any k
ind of device (including desktops, laptops, kiosks, and mobile devices). Following these guidelines will also often make
 web content more usable to users in general. WCAG 2.2 success criteria are written as testable statements that are not 
technology-specific. Guidance about satisfying the success criteria in specific technologies, as well as general informa
tion about interpreting the success criteria, is provided in separate documents. See Web Content Accessibility Guideline
s (WCAG) Overview for an introduction and links to WCAG technical and educational material. WCAG 2.2 extends Web Content
 Accessibility Guidelines 2.1 [ WCAG21 ], which was published as a W3C Recommendation June 2018. Content that conforms t
o WCAG 2.2 also conforms to WCAG 2.0 and WCAG 2.1. The WG intends that for policies requiring conformance to WCAG 2.0 or
 WCAG 2.1, WCAG 2.2 can provide an alternate means of conformance. The publication of WCAG 2.2 does not deprecate or sup
ersede WCAG 2.0 or WCAG 2.1. While WCAG 2.0 and WCAG 2.1 remain W3C Recommendations, the W3C advises the use of WCAG 2.2
 to maximize future applicability of accessibility efforts. The W3C also encourages use of the most current version of W
CAG when developing or updating web accessibility policies. Status of This Document This section describes the status of
 this document at the time of its publication. A list of current W3C publications and the latest revision of this techni
cal report can be found in the W3C technical reports index at https://www.w3.org/TR/. To comment, file an issue in the W
3C WCAG GitHub repository . Although the proposed success criteria in this document reference issues tracking discussion
, the Working Group requests that public comments be filed as new issues, one issue per discrete comment. It is free to 
create a GitHub account to file issues. If filing issues in GitHub is not feasible, send email to public-agwg-comments@w
3.org ( comment archive ). This document was published by the Accessibility Guidelines Working Group as a Recommendation
 using the Recommendation track . W3C recommends the wide deployment of this specification as a standard for the Web. A 
W3C Recommendation is a specification that, after extensive consensus-building, is endorsed by W3C and its Members, and 
has commitments from Working Group members to royalty-free licensing for implementations. This document was produced by 
a group operating under the W3C Patent Policy . W3C maintains a public list of any patent disclosures made in connection
 with the deliverables of the group; that page also includes instructions for disclosing a patent. An individual who has
 actual knowledge of a patent which the individual believes contains Essential Claim(s) must disclose the information in
 accordance with section 6 of the W3C Patent Policy . This document is governed by the 03 November 2023 W3C Process Docu
ment . Table of Contents Abstract Status of This Document Introduction Background on WCAG 2 WCAG 2 Layers of Guidance WC
AG 2.2 Supporting Documents Requirements for WCAG 2.2 Comparison with WCAG 2.1 New Features in WCAG 2.2 Numbering in WCA
G 2.2 Conformance to WCAG 2.2 Later Versions of Accessibility Guidelines 1. Perceivable 1.1 Text Alternatives 1.1.1 Non-
text Content 1.2 Time-based Media 1.2.1 Audio-only and Video-only (Prerecorded) 1.2.2 Captions (Prerecorded) 1.2.3 Audio
 Description or Media Alternative (Prerecorded) 1.2.4 Captions (Live) 1.2.5 Audio Description (Prerecorded) 1.2.6 Sign L
anguage (Prerecorded) 1.2.7 Extended Audio Description (Prerecorded) 1.2.8 Media Alternative (Prerecorded) 1.2.9 Audio-o
nly (Live) 1.3 Adaptable 1.3.1 Info and Relationships 1.3.2 Meaningful Sequence 1.3.3 Sensory Characteristics 1.3.4 Orie
ntation 1.3.5 Identify Input Purpose 1.3.6 Identify Purpose 1.4 Distinguishable 1.4.1 Use of Color 1.4.2 Audio Control 1
.4.3 Contrast (Minimum) 1.4.4 Resize Text 1.4.5 Images of Text 1.4.6 Contrast (Enhanced) 1.4.7 Low or No Background Audi
o 1.4.8 Visual Presentation 1.4.9 Images of Text (No Exception) 1.4.10 Reflow 1.4.11 Non-text Contrast 1.4.12 Text Spaci
ng 1.4.13 Content on Hover or Focus 2. Operable 2.1 Keyboard Accessible 2.1.1 Keyboard 2.1.2 No Keyboard Trap 2.1.3 Keyb
oard (No Exception) 2.1.4 Character Key Shortcuts 2.2 Enough Time 2.2.1 Timing Adjustable 2.2.2 Pause, Stop, Hide 2.2.3 
No Timing 2.2.4 Interruptions 2.2.5 Re-authenticating 2.2.6 Timeouts 2.3 Seizures and Physical Reactions 2.3.1 Three Fla
shes or Below Threshold 2.3.2 Three Flashes 2.3.3 Animation from Interactions 2.4 Navigable 2.4.1 Bypass Blocks 2.4.2 Pa
ge Titled 2.4.3 Focus Order 2.4.4 Link Purpose (In Context) 2.4.5 Multiple Ways 2.4.6 Headings and Labels 2.4.7 Focus Vi
sible 2.4.8 Location 2.4.9 Link Purpose (Link Only) 2.4.10 Section Headings 2.4.11 Focus Not Obscured (Minimum) 2.4.12 F
ocus Not Obscured (Enhanced) 2.4.13 Focus Appearance 2.5 Input Modalities 2.5.1 Pointer Gestures 2.5.2 Pointer Cancellat
ion 2.5.3 Label in Name 2.5.4 Motion Actuation 2.5.5 Target Size (Enhanced) 2.5.6 Concurrent Input Mechanisms 2.5.7 Drag
ging Movements 2.5.8 Target Size (Minimum) 3. Understandable 3.1 Readable 3.1.1 Language of Page 3.1.2 Language of Parts
 3.1.3 Unusual Words 3.1.4 Abbreviations 3.1.5 Reading Level 3.1.6 Pronunciation 3.2 Predictable 3.2.1 On Focus 3.2.2 On
 Input 3.2.3 Consistent Navigation 3.2.4 Consistent Identification 3.2.5 Change on Request 3.2.6 Consistent Help 3.3 Inp
ut Assistance 3.3.1 Error Identification 3.3.2 Labels or Instructions 3.3.3 Error Suggestion 3.3.4 Error Prevention (Leg
al, Financial, Data) 3.3.5 Help 3.3.6 Error Prevention (All) 3.3.7 Redundant Entry 3.3.8 Accessible Authentication (Mini
mum) 3.3.9 Accessible Authentication (Enhanced) 4. Robust 4.1 Compatible 4.1.1 Parsing (Obsolete and removed) 4.1.2 Name
, Role, Value 4.1.3 Status Messages 5. Conformance 5.1 Interpreting Normative Requirements 5.2 Conformance Requirements 
5.2.1 Conformance Level 5.2.2 Full pages 5.2.3 Complete processes 5.2.4 Only Accessibility-Supported Ways of Using Techn
ologies 5.2.5 Non-Interference 5.3 Conformance Claims (Optional) 5.3.1 Required Components of a Conformance Claim 5.3.2 
Optional Components of a Conformance Claim 5.4 Statement of Partial Conformance - Third Party Content 5.5 Statement of P
artial Conformance - Language 5.6 Privacy Considerations 5.7 Security Considerations 6. Glossary 7. Input Purposes for U
ser Interface Components A. Change Log B. Acknowledgments B.1 Participants of the AG WG active in the development of thi
s document: B.2 Other previously active WCAG WG participants and other contributors to WCAG 2.0, WCAG 2.1, or supporting
 resources B.3 Enabling funders C. References C.1 Informative references Introduction This section is non-normative. Bac
kground on WCAG 2 Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.2 defines how to make web content more accessible to peo
ple with disabilities. Accessibility involves a wide range of disabilities, including visual, auditory, physical, speech
, cognitive, language, learning, and neurological disabilities. Although these guidelines cover a wide range of issues, 
they are not able to address the needs of people with all types, degrees, and combinations of disability. These guidelin
es also make web content more usable by older individuals with changing abilities due to aging and often improve usabili
ty for users in general. WCAG 2.2 is developed through the W3C process in cooperation with individuals and organizations
 around the world, with a goal of providing a shared standard for web content accessibility that meets the needs of indi
viduals, organizations, and governments internationally. WCAG 2.2 builds on WCAG 2.0 [ WCAG20 ] and WCAG 2.1 [ WCAG21 ],
 which in turn built on WCAG 1.0 [ WAI-WEBCONTENT ] and is designed to apply broadly to different web technologies now a
nd in the future, and to be testable with a combination of automated testing and human evaluation. For an introduction t
o WCAG, see the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) Overview . Significant challenges were encountered in defini
ng additional criteria to address cognitive, language, and learning disabilities, including a short timeline for develop
ment as well as challenges in reaching consensus on testability, implementability, and international considerations of p
roposals. Work will carry on in this area in future versions of WCAG. We encourage authors to refer to our supplemental 
guidance on improving inclusion for people with disabilities, including learning and cognitive disabilities, people with
 low-vision, and more . Web accessibility depends not only on accessible content but also on accessible web browsers and
 other user agents. Authoring tools also have an important role in web accessibility. For an overview of how these compo
nents of web development and interaction work together, see: Essential Components of Web Accessibility User Agent Access
ibility Guidelines (UAAG) Overview Authoring Tool Accessibility Guidelines (ATAG) Overview Where this document refers to
 WCAG 2 it is intended to mean any and all versions of WCAG that start with 2. WCAG 2 Layers of Guidance The individuals
 and organizations that use WCAG vary widely and include web designers and developers, policy makers, purchasing agents,
 teachers, and students. In order to meet the varying needs of this audience, several layers of guidance are provided in
cluding overall principles , general guidelines , testable success criteria and a rich collection of sufficient techniqu
es , advisory techniques , and documented common failures with examples, resource links and code. Principles - At the to
p are four principles that provide the foundation for web accessibility: perceivable, operable, understandable, and robu
st . See also Understanding the Four Principles of Accessibility . Guidelines - Under the principles are guidelines. The
 13 guidelines provide the basic goals that authors should work toward in order to make content more accessible to users
 with different disabilities. The guidelines are not testable, but provide the framework and overall objectives to help 
authors understand the success criteria and better implement the techniques. Success Criteria - For each guideline, test
able success criteria are provided to allow WCAG 2.2 to be used where requirements and conformance testing are necessary
 such as in design specification, purchasing, regulation, and contractual agreements. In order to meet the needs of diff
erent groups and different situations, three levels of conformance are defined: A (lowest), AA, and AAA (highest). Addit
ional information on WCAG levels can be found in Understanding Levels of Conformance . Sufficient and Advisory Technique
s - For each of the guidelines and success criteria in the WCAG 2.2 document itself, the working group has also document
ed a wide variety of techniques . The techniques are informative and fall into two categories: those that are sufficient
 for meeting the success criteria and those that are advisory . The advisory techniques go beyond what is required by th
e individual success criteria and allow authors to better address the guidelines. Some advisory techniques address acces
sibility barriers that are not covered by the testable success criteria. Where common failures are known, these are also
 documented. See also Sufficient and Advisory Techniques in Understanding WCAG 2.2 . All of these layers of guidance (pr
inciples, guidelines, success criteria, and sufficient and advisory techniques) work together to provide guidance on how
 to make content more accessible. Authors are encouraged to view and apply all layers that they are able to, including t
he advisory techniques, in order to best address the needs of the widest possible range of users. Note that even content
 that conforms at the highest level (AAA) will not be accessible to individuals with all types, degrees, or combinations
 of disability, particularly in the cognitive, language, and learning areas. Authors are encouraged to consider the full
 range of techniques, including the advisory techniques, Making Content Usable for People with Cognitive and Learning Di
sabilities , as well as to seek relevant advice about current best practice to ensure that web content is accessible, as
 far as possible, to this community. Metadata may assist users in finding content most suitable for their needs. WCAG 2.
2 Supporting Documents The WCAG 2.2 document is designed to meet the needs of those who need a stable, referenceable tec
hnical standard. Other documents, called supporting documents, are based on the WCAG 2.2 document and address other impo
rtant purposes, including the ability to be updated to describe how WCAG would be applied with new technologies. Support
ing documents include: How to Meet WCAG 2.2 - A customizable quick reference to WCAG 2.2 that includes all of the guidel
ines, success criteria, and techniques for authors to use as they are developing and evaluating web content. This includ
es content from WCAG 2.0, 2.1, and 2.2, and can be filtered in many ways to help authors focus on relevant content. Unde
rstanding WCAG 2.2 - A guide to understanding and implementing WCAG 2.2. There is a short "Understanding" document for e
ach guideline and success criterion in WCAG 2.2 as well as key topics. Techniques for WCAG 2.2 - A collection of techniq
ues and common failures, each in a separate document that includes a description, examples, code and tests. The WCAG 2 D
ocuments - A brief introduction to the WCAG 2 supporting documents and supplemental guidance. What's New in WCAG 2.2 int
roduces the new success criteria with persona quotes that illustrate the accessibility issues. See Web Content Accessibi
lity Guidelines (WCAG) Overview for a description of the WCAG 2.2 supporting material, including education resources rel
ated to WCAG 2. Additional resources covering topics such as the business case for web accessibility, planning implement
ation to improve the accessibility of websites, and accessibility policies are listed in WAI Resources . Requirements fo
r WCAG 2.2 WCAG 2.2 meets a set of requirements for WCAG 2.2 which, in turn, inherit requirements from previous WCAG 2 v
ersions. Requirements structure the overall framework of guidelines and ensure backwards compatibility. The Working Grou
p also used a less formal set of acceptance criteria for success criteria, to help ensure success criteria are similar i
n style and quality to those in WCAG 2.0. These requirements constrained what could be included in WCAG 2.2. This constr
aint was important to preserve its nature as a dot-release of WCAG 2. Comparison with WCAG 2.1 WCAG 2.2 was initiated wi
th the goal to continue the work of WCAG 2.1: Improving accessibility guidance for three major groups: users with cognit
ive or learning disabilities, users with low vision, and users with disabilities on mobile devices. Many ways to meet th
ese needs were proposed and evaluated, and a set of these were refined by the Working Group. Structural requirements inh
erited from WCAG 2.0, clarity and impact of proposals, and timeline led to the final set of success criteria included in
 this version. The Working Group considers that WCAG 2.2 incrementally advances web content accessibility guidance for a
ll these areas, but underscores that not all user needs are met by these guidelines. WCAG 2.2 builds on and is backwards
 compatible with WCAG 2.1, meaning web pages that conform to WCAG 2.2 are at least as accessible as pages that conform t
o WCAG 2.1. Requirements have been added that build on 2.1 and 2.0. WCAG 2.2 has removed one success criterion, 4.1.1 Pa
rsing . Authors that are required by policy to conform with WCAG 2.0 or 2.1 will be able to update content to WCAG 2.2, 
but may need to continue to test and report 4.1.1. Authors following more than one version of the guidelines should be a
ware of the following additions. New Features in WCAG 2.2 WCAG 2.2 extends WCAG 2.1 by adding new success criteria, defi
nitions to support them, and guidelines to organize the additions. This additive approach helps to make it clear that si
tes which conform to WCAG 2.2 also conform to WCAG 2.1. The Accessibility Guidelines Working Group recommends that sites
 adopt WCAG 2.2 as their new conformance target, even if formal obligations mention previous versions, to provide improv
ed accessibility and to anticipate future policy changes. The following success criteria are new in WCAG 2.2: 2.4.11 Foc
us Not Obscured (Minimum) (AA) 2.4.12 Focus Not Obscured (Enhanced) (AAA) 2.4.13 Focus Appearance (AAA) 2.5.7 Dragging M
ovements (AA) 2.5.8 Target Size (Minimum) (AA) 3.2.6 Consistent Help (A) 3.3.7 Redundant Entry (A) 3.3.8 Accessible Auth
entication (Minimum) (AA) 3.3.9 Accessible Authentication (Enhanced) (AAA) The new success criteria may reference new te
rms that have also been added to the glossary and form part of the normative requirements of the success criteria. WCAG 
2.2 also introduces new sections detailing aspects of the specification which may impact privacy and security . Numberin
g in WCAG 2.2 In order to avoid confusion for implementers for whom backwards compatibility to WCAG 2 versions is import
ant, new success criteria in WCAG 2.2 have been appended to the end of the set of success criteria within their guidelin
e. This avoids the need to change the section number of success criteria from WCAG 2, which would be caused by inserting
 new success criteria between existing success criteria in the guideline, but it means success criteria in each guidelin
e are no longer grouped by conformance level. The order of success criteria within each guideline does not imply informa
tion about conformance level; only the conformance level indicator (A / AA / AAA) on the success criterion itself indica
tes this. The WCAG 2.2 Quick Reference will provide a way to view success criteria grouped by conformance level, along w
ith many other filter and sort options. Conformance to WCAG 2.2 WCAG 2.2 uses the same conformance model as WCAG 2.0. It
 is intended that sites that conform to WCAG 2.2 also conform to WCAG 2.0 and WCAG 2.1, which means they meet the requir
ements of any policies that reference WCAG 2.0 or WCAG 2.1, while also better meeting the needs of users on the current 
Web. Later Versions of Accessibility Guidelines In parallel with WCAG 2.2, the Accessibility Guidelines Working Group is
 developing another major version of accessibility guidelines. The result of this work is expected to be a more substant
ial restructuring of web accessibility guidance than would be realistic for dot-releases of WCAG 2. The work follows a r
esearch-focused, user-centered design methodology to produce the most effective and flexible outcome, including the role
s of content authoring, user agent support, and authoring tool support. This is a multi-year effort, so WCAG 2.2 is need
ed as an interim measure to provide updated web accessibility guidance to reflect changes on the web since the publicati
on of WCAG 2.0. The Working Group might also develop additional interim versions, continuing with WCAG 2.2, on a similar
 short timeline to provide additional support while the major version is completed. 1. Perceivable Information and user 
interface components must be presentable to users in ways they can perceive. Guideline 1.1 Text Alternatives Understandi
ng Text Alternatives | How to Meet Text Alternatives Provide text alternatives for any non-text content so that it can b
e changed into other forms people need, such as large print, braille, speech, symbols or simpler language. Success Crite
rion 1.1.1 Non-text Content Understanding Non-text Content | How to Meet Non-text Content (Level A) All non-text content
 that is presented to the user has a text alternative that serves the equivalent purpose, except for the situations list
ed below. Controls, Input If non-text content is a control or accepts user input, then it has a name that describes its 
purpose. (Refer to Success Criterion 4.1.2 for additional requirements for controls and content that accepts user input.
) Time-Based Media If non-text content is time-based media, then text alternatives at least provide descriptive identifi
cation of the non-text content. (Refer to Guideline 1.2 for additional requirements for media.) Test If non-text content
 is a test or exercise that would be invalid if presented in text , then text alternatives at least provide descriptive 
identification of the non-text content. Sensory If non-text content is primarily intended to create a specific sensory e
xperience , then text alternatives at least provide descriptive identification of the non-text content. CAPTCHA If the p
urpose of non-text content is to confirm that content is being accessed by a person rather than a computer, then text al
ternatives that identify and describe the purpose of the non-text content are provided, and alternative forms of CAPTCHA
 using output modes for different types of sensory perception are provided to accommodate different disabilities. Decora
tion, Formatting, Invisible If non-text content is pure decoration , is used only for visual formatting, or is not prese
nted to users, then it is implemented in a way that it can be ignored by assistive technology . Guideline 1.2 Time-based
 Media Understanding Time-based Media | How to Meet Time-based Media Provide alternatives for time-based media. Success 
Criterion 1.2.1 Audio-only and Video-only (Prerecorded) Understanding Audio-only and Video-only (Prerecorded) | How to M
eet Audio-only and Video-only (Prerecorded) (Level A) For prerecorded audio-only and prerecorded video-only media, the f
ollowing are true, except when the audio or video is a media alternative for text and is clearly labeled as such: Prerec
orded Audio-only An alternative for time-based media is provided that presents equivalent information for prerecorded au
dio-only content. Prerecorded Video-only Either an alternative for time-based media or an audio track is provided that p
resents equivalent information for prerecorded video-only content. Success Criterion 1.2.2 Captions (Prerecorded) Unders
tanding Captions (Prerecorded) | How to Meet Captions (Prerecorded) (Level A) Captions are provided for all prerecorded 
audio content in synchronized media , except when the media is a media alternative for text and is clearly labeled as su
ch. Success Criterion 1.2.3 Audio Description or Media Alternative (Prerecorded) Understanding Audio Description or Medi
a Alternative (Prerecorded) | How to Meet Audio Description or Media Alternative (Prerecorded) (Level A) An alternative 
for time-based media or audio description of the prerecorded video content is provided for synchronized media , except w
hen the media is a media alternative for text and is clearly labeled as such. Success Criterion 1.2.4 Captions (Live) Un
derstanding Captions (Live) | How to Meet Captions (Live) (Level AA) Captions are provided for all live audio content in
 synchronized media . Success Criterion 1.2.5 Audio Description (Prerecorded) Understanding Audio Description (Prerecord
ed) | How to Meet Audio Description (Prerecorded) (Level AA) Audio description is provided for all prerecorded video con
tent in synchronized media . Success Criterion 1.2.6 Sign Language (Prerecorded) Understanding Sign Language (Prerecorde
d) | How to Meet Sign Language (Prerecorded) (Level AAA) Sign language interpretation is provided for all prerecorded au
dio content in synchronized media . Success Criterion 1.2.7 Extended Audio Description (Prerecorded) Understanding Exten
ded Audio Description (Prerecorded) | How to Meet Extended Audio Description (Prerecorded) (Level AAA) Where pauses in f
oreground audio are insufficient to allow audio descriptions to convey the sense of the video, extended audio descriptio
n is provided for all prerecorded video content in synchronized media . Success Criterion 1.2.8 Media Alternative (Prere
corded) Understanding Media Alternative (Prerecorded) | How to Meet Media Alternative (Prerecorded) (Level AAA) An alter
native for time-based media is provided for all prerecorded synchronized media and for all prerecorded video-only media.
 Success Criterion 1.2.9 Audio-only (Live) Understanding Audio-only (Live) | How to Meet Audio-only (Live) (Level AAA) A
n alternative for time-based media that presents equivalent information for live audio-only content is provided. Guideli
ne 1.3 Adaptable Understanding Adaptable | How to Meet Adaptable Create content that can be presented in different ways 
(for example simpler layout) without losing information or structure. Success Criterion 1.3.1 Info and Relationships Und
erstanding Info and Relationships | How to Meet Info and Relationships (Level A) Information, structure , and relationsh
ips conveyed through presentation can be programmatically determined or are available in text. Success Criterion 1.3.2 M
eaningful Sequence Understanding Meaningful Sequence | How to Meet Meaningful Sequence (Level A) When the sequence in wh
ich content is presented affects its meaning, a correct reading sequence can be programmatically determined . Success Cr
iterion 1.3.3 Sensory Characteristics Understanding Sensory Characteristics | How to Meet Sensory Characteristics (Level
 A) Instructions provided for understanding and operating content do not rely solely on sensory characteristics of compo
nents such as shape, color, size, visual location, orientation, or sound. Note For requirements related to color, refer 
to Guideline 1.4 . Success Criterion 1.3.4 Orientation Understanding Orientation | How to Meet Orientation (Level AA) Co
ntent does not restrict its view and operation to a single display orientation, such as portrait or landscape, unless a 
specific display orientation is essential . Note Examples where a particular display orientation may be essential are a 
bank check, a piano application, slides for a projector or television, or virtual reality content where content is not n
ecessarily restricted to landscape or portrait display orientation. Success Criterion 1.3.5 Identify Input Purpose Under
standing Identify Input Purpose | How to Meet Identify Input Purpose (Level AA) The purpose of each input field collecti
ng information about the user can be programmatically determined when: The input field serves a purpose identified in th
e Input Purposes for user interface components section ; and The content is implemented using technologies with support 
for identifying the expected meaning for form input data. Success Criterion 1.3.6 Identify Purpose Understanding Identif
y Purpose | How to Meet Identify Purpose (Level AAA) In content implemented using markup languages, the purpose of user 
interface components , icons, and regions can be programmatically determined . Guideline 1.4 Distinguishable Understandi
ng Distinguishable | How to Meet Distinguishable Make it easier for users to see and hear content including separating f
oreground from background. Success Criterion 1.4.1 Use of Color Understanding Use of Color | How to Meet Use of Color (L
evel A) Color is not used as the only visual means of conveying information, indicating an action, prompting a response,
 or distinguishing a visual element. Note This success criterion addresses color perception specifically. Other forms of
